♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure, One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a
terrifying chemical weapon
known as "Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Now, they dash through
a massive laboratory,
alongside their new allies,
Trafalgar Law and Kin'emon.
Their plan to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives
and escape the island.
However, his assistant, Monet,
has other plans for them.
[MONET chuckles]
Well, that's too bad.
Why are you attaking them?
They're no threat to you.
[LUFFY grunts, gasps]
[LUFFY screaming]
How did all that
gas get in here?
I thought all the entrances
had been sealed off!
[BROOK]
There must be a leak somewhere!
Well, that's just great!
If that's the case,
then it's not safe to stay
in this building anymore!
We're running out of time!
I think we'd better split up
and find those handcuffs quick!
Y'know, I've noticed that all
you've been doing
is defending yourself.
So is there some reason
why you haven't tried
to attack me at all?
Oh, my. I think
I know what it is.
That's funny.
At first I thought there
was no way I could defeat you.
How about that?
I guess I was mistaken.
I'm going to stay right here.
[MARINES]
Huh?
So what do you plan to do?
If you ask me, you could
use a little help here.
What?!
[LUFFY]
"Showing Off His Techniques!
Zoro's Formidable
One-Sword Style!"
[MARINE A] All right,
G-5! Let's step on it!
[MARINE I] Captain Tashigi
needs us to save those children!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[MARINE A] I guess Caesar's
not the only Logia-type here!
[MARINE I]
Yeah, I still can't believe that
cute, little harpy girl
has Devil Fruit powers!
She looks so sweet
and harmless, didn't she?
I don't know about that,
but either way,
she's out of our league!
Hey, Black Leg, while
we're on the subject,
why didn't you help when
she started trying to kill us?
You're stronger than
all of us put together!
[SANJI]
Get over it!
I won't kick a woman
no matter how evil she is!
[MARINES]
Huh?
Are you kiddin' me?
But what if it came down to
a matter of life and death?
I'd choose death.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE H]
No way!
They're all in the same crew,
but they're so
different from each other!
Yeah, just look at that
Pirate Hunter Zoro guy!
He seemed like
the type of person
who would chop you to bits if
you even looked at him funny!
[MARINES]
Uh-huh.
Uh?
Well, he's got a
sensitive side, too.
Don't worry about him though.
He'll find a way out.
And the same thing
goes for Tashigi!
All that matters now is tracking
down that group of rugrats,
so Nami, Robin, and Tashigi
will tell us we did a good job!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Anything for a lady!
[MARINES]
Woo-hoo!
[ZORO]
Go with your soldiers!
[TASHIGI]
I'll do as I please.
[ZORO]
I said, I don't need your help!
[TASHIGI]
You're entitled to your opinion.
[ZORO]
Oh, really?
If that's how you feel, then am
I entitled to cut you up first,
Miss Navy Captain?
I am a pirate.
No, you can't.
Huh?
[TASHIGI]
You won't put a scratch on me...
...or her, for that matter.
You think so, huh?!
Well, what do you know?
[MONET chuckles]
I was just thinking
the same thing.
Am I wrong?
[ZORO]
That's settled.
Now I've got to go.
You're letting me live?!
Oh, I know.
It's because I'm a girl.
It's pathetic that
you can't fight me
fair and square just
because of my gender.
In fact, it's embarrassing!
You know, you may be stronger,
but I've got more guts.
This sword isn't
just some decoration!
I don't think you
even understand
what it means to carry a sword!
Jeez, woman, do you ever
shut your damn mouth?!
[gasps]
Listen, you got the same
exact face as some chick
I knew who died, so I can't
stand the sight of you!
On top of that, I don't
know a thing about you yet,
and you're already
talking just like her!
Why the hell are
you copying her?
Just try to be yourself!
[TASHIGI gasps] Maybe you
oughtta think before you talk!
[TASHIGI]
Hmph.
[ZORO grunts]
You think that women
aren't as strong.
You'll hold back in a fight!
So you can't kill her, can you?
You're never gonna
succeed that way!
That's why I stayed, 'cause
you're not up to the task.
With the powers that she's got,
if she gets near my men,
I know it won't be pretty.
[ZORO] Are you trying to
say you're better than me?!
[TASHIGI]
Yes.
[grunts]
[MONET chuckles]
Have at it, then.
Huh?
I'm supposed to keep her claws
off my comrades, too, y'know.
As long as someone keeps her
busy, what's the difference?
You shouldn't be so flippant!
Look, we don't have much time.
You'd better run
while you still can!
Stay focused. One bite
and you're dead meat.
[TASHIGI grunts]
[MONET]
He's right!
And thanks to you, I've just
discovered his weakness!
You may have your Haki,
but that won't be enough
to save you from me! [snarls]
[MONET growls]
[TASHIGI gasps]
[MONET]
Cute trick!
You can use Haki to
force a power-user like me
back to my normal state.
That said, you have to be fast
enough to catch up with me!
[MONET cackles]
[MONET]
Sorry, dear!
[TASHIGI groans]
[MONET chuckles]
Oh, my.
You're colder than I thought.
Oh, I'm cold?
You're the snow woman.
Don't you ignore me!
Care for a snowball fight?
[grunts]
Snow Rabbit!
Shave!
[TASHIGI grunts]
[MONET] Mm. Perhaps
I underestimated you.
You are Smoker's
right-hand girl.
I wonder how he's holding up.
He's a talented fighter, but
Vergo clearly outmatches him.
I wouldn't worry
about Admiral Smoker.
He's strong! He could never be
defeated by you and your thugs--
not in a million years!
Believe me. No one
knows him like I do!
[MONET]
That's enough. Snowstorm!
[TASHIGI gasps]
Oh, great.
[laughs]
[USOPP screams]
Why's this gas
cloud chasing me?!
[USOPP panting]
Ninja!
[sighs] Man, I need Sea
Prism Stone handcuffs, fast!
Good thing gas can't
climb a staircase.
Otherwise I-- [yelps]
[USOPP screaming]
[sighs] That was close.
[gasps] What the heck is this?
Huh? It's dark and
I can't see anything!
And worse, it's cold!
Handcuffs, where are you?
Man, I sure hope there aren't
any monsters in here.
[USOPP yelps]
[BOY A]
Whoops! I lost it!
[CHILDREN laugh]
[KIN'EMON]
Huh?
[BROOK] I hate to
question you, Kin'emon,
but where exactly are you going?
I will hurry!
But I'm certain I hear
the voices of children
not far from here!
What? You can't
leave me here to die!
Well, I'm already dead,
but that poison gas
will be here eventually!
I've come to save you,
Momonosuke!
Ah! Children!
Huh?
--[CHILDREN gasp]
--[KIN'EMON] Pardon me.
[KIN'EMON]
Do you know Momonosuke?
You must assist me.
I am his father!
[CHILDREN whimper]
[BOY B]
Scary!
What?
No! Why do you flee?
Uh...
[CHILDREN gasp]
Look at them all! Where is he?
Surely he must be near!
Please tell me, children!
Where is my boy?
[CHILDREN shriek]
[KIN'EMON]
Huh?
Who knew there
were this many here?
[CHILDREN cry, gasp]
[BROOK]
You're in danger! Hurry!
We'll take you
kids to Building R!
[CHILDREN scream]
That's not nice! Well, anyway,
I'm glad they're all safe.
Let's be off, then, shall we?
Um, did you say that you
were looking for Momonosuke?
[gasps]
[KONBU] You can't take the
candy for yourself, Mocha!
[DOLAN] Yeah! You better
share it with us!
[MOCHA] You guys!
No! I can't! I'm sorry.
It's bad for you!
Mocha, hold on!
[CHOPPER] Robin!
Keep them still for a second!
Right! Cien Fleurs!
[CHILDREN yelp, groan]
Oh, no! They've got me!
II'm sorry, but I had to.
Here you go, guys. This should
ease the pain a little bit.
[GIRL B grunts]
[BOY M grunts]
[SYND]
Wait up!
[CHOPPER gasps]
Run, Mocha!
[CHILDREN yelling]
Hurry!
You can't let them get
their hands on the candy!
[panting]
[CHILDREN yelling]
Don't stop, okay?
Yeah, okay, Nami!
Don't worry, Chopper!
I'm never giving up!
This candy isn't
gonna hurt us anymore!
I'm gonna make sure!
[LUFFY screaming]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY panting]
Hey. You all right?
Okay. I'll handle
it from here. Watch!
[LUFFY grunts]
Look out, Caesar,
'cause here I come!
Once I end you, I'll go
find your troops and say,
"Your poor captain
just couldn't cut it."
[gasps]
[MONET]
Sword Snow, Skin Sword!
--[MONET grunts]
--[TASHIGI yelps]
[snarls]
[groans, screams]
[TASHIGI groans]
[MARINE J] It's my
shoulder! She bit it off!
[TASHIGI groans]
[TASHIGI yells]
--[MONET growling]
--[TASHIGI groaning]
Let go of me! Damn you!
[MONET growls]
[TASHIGI groans]
[TASHIGI] If I let go,
I'll lose my shoulder!
[TASHIGI screams]
[MONET]
I gave you a chance,
but if you'd rather I tear you
apart.
[TASHIGI groans]
[screams]
[MONET gasps]
[MONET screams]
[TASHIGI grunts]
[MONET groans]
[ZORO] If you hadn't
been runnin' your mouth,
you'd be done with her by now.
But your time's up.
[grunts]
I'm busy, so let's make
this quick, all right?
[grunts]
[MONET] I could've sworn
he wouldn't cut a woman,
but it looks like I was wrong.
He swung at me without
a moments' hesitation!
So you've misjudged me.
How 'bout that?
If you thought you couldn't
beat me, you shoulda run.
That was a fatal mistake.
[grunts]
[ZORO] Maybe I don't go around
cutting just anyone, but still.
Think.
When you're face-to-face
with an animal that
can rip you to shreds,
you don't take
any chances, do you?
You get the hell outta there.
[gasps]
Oh, well. Too late.
[MONET]
What's happening to me?
I-I can't move my feet!
One-Sword Style!
[MONET]
He'll kill me!
Great Dragon Shock.
[TASHIGI groans]
[TASHIGI gasps]
All right.
We're done here. It's over.
[TASHIGI panting]
[TASHIGI]
He cut her.
[MONET groans]
How... How dare you?!
[gasps]
[MONET groans]
Did she not die?
That's odd.
He didn't use his Haki!
[MONET groans]
I see.
So you showed me mercy.
[MONET groans]
[TASHIGI]
She lost control of her body.
She must have been
petrified when she realized
that she'd die if
Zoro used his Haki.
[TASHIGI] I've never
seen anything like that.
I wonder what the
Straw Hat Pirates were doing
during those two
years they went missing.
[TASHIGI]
How much stronger are they now?
It's amazing.
Roro... noa Zoro!
[TASHIGI gasps]
You're not getting away now!
Autumn Rain.
Sorry, but...
...you're finished.
What was all that about?!
After everything you said,
you still didn't try
to kill that girl!
See? I was right about you,
and you can't deny it!
I don't recall asking you to
finish my fight for me, Captain.
If you hadn't
killed her, I would've.
You just stepped in.
Hey! That's not fair!
You can't say that.
I stepped in because
you were leaving!
[ZORO]
Nobody forced you.
But, hey.
[TASHIGI]
Hm?
Good job, Miss Four Eyes.
She's dead, so she can't
hurt anyone else anymore.
I don't mind if
you take the credit.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Could you be more patronizing?!
You think you're better than me?
[ZORO]
Pretty much.
[TASHIGI grunts]
[TASHIGI groans]
[ZORO]
Hm?
What's with you?
[panting] I'll be all right.
Just go on without me.
[gasps] Oh, come on!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Aw, poor, useless, little Monet.
Seems you Straw Hats will be
coming to Building R after all!
Well, I can always
use more test subjects.
Please, hurry all you like.
I'm ever so eager to
watch you suffer and die.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY grunting]
[NARRATOR] Mocha takes off
running as fast as she can,
desperately clinging to the
deadly candy with every step.
But the rampaging children
quickly surround her
and attempt to take
it for themselves.
In a moment of panic,
Mocha's next move causes
Chopper to cry out with grief.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To Save Her Friends! Mocha Runs
at the Risk of Her Life!"
I'm be gonna be
King of the Pirates!